d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\WeeklyGamingBASIC.dll.config
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\WeeklyGamingBASIC.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\WeeklyGamingBASIC.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\obj\Debug\WeeklyGamingBASIC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\obj\Debug\WeeklyGamingBASIC.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WeeklyGamingBASIC\WeeklyGamingBASIC\obj\Debug\WeeklyGamingBASIC.pdb
